<<<<<<< HEAD
# EPAi Session2 Assignment
Assignment to check our knowledge of Python's Garbage collector, Interning, Github Workflow and README.md Markdown formatting. There are in total ten tests which are described below.

## test clear memory
This test is mainly designed to check memory leak created in the functions critical_function and add_something. Cyclic References are created in add_something function when we create an object something of class "Something" and we instantiate something_new of that object something to SomethingNew(i,something). Something class \_\__init___ function has something_new defined. This creates the cyclic reference. In critical_function when we are using clear_memory to clear the collection,  Python's Garbage collection takes time to kick in. Which can be sped up by calling gc.collect Garbage collector immediately.

## test memory actually increased
To check whether we have changed the program or trying to cheat

## test performance
In function compare_strings_old we are not using interning but equality. We have to remove sleep from compare_strings_new and add sys.intern for object comparison(a is b) and char_list has to be changed to set from list for checking a char in a string. These two tricks helps to reach more than 10x improvement in performance.

## test readme exists
Check whether this file exists or not

## test readme contents
Check whether this README file is interesting or not by counting the number of words it has, must greater than equal to 500

## test readme proper description
Check whether this file has proper function/class description or not, by looking for these words 
'Something',
    'SomethingNew',
    'add_something',
    'clear_memory',
    'critical_function',
    'compare_strings_old',
    'compare_strings_new',
    'sleep',
    'char_list',
    'collection',
    '\_\__init___'

## test readme file for formatting
Check Mardown formatting by counting \#, it should be greater than 10
## test class repr
'object at' should not be used in \_\__repr___ definition
## test fourspace
Check for four or multiple of 4 space indentation in accordance to PEP8
## test function name had cap letter
Function name should not have capital letter
## Filler
Filler to make up 500 words

Everybody Can Be Great
by Martin Luther King Jr.

"Everybody can be great, because everybody can serve. You don't have to have a college degree to serve. You don't have to make your subject and your verb agree to serve. You don't have to know about Plato and Aristotle to serve. You don't have to know Einstein's theory of relativity to serve. You don't have to know the second theory of thermodynamics in physics to serve. You only need a heart full of grace, a soul generated by love."

- - -

Think about this before you sleep tonight.

It’s Harder to Be Kind than Clever

Even as a 10-year-old boy, it turns out, Jeff Bezos had a sharp mind and a passion for crunching numbers. During a summer road trip with his grandparents, young Jeff got fed up with his grandmother’s smoking in the car — and decided to do something about it. From the backseat, he calculated how many cigarettes per day his grandmother smoked, how many puffs she took per cigarette, the health risk of each puff, and announced to her with great fanfare, “You’ve taken nine years off your life!”

Bezos’s calculations may have been accurate — but the reaction was not what he expected. His grandmother burst into tears. His grandfather pulled the car off to the side of the road and asked young Jeff to step out. And then his grandfather taught a lesson that Jeff decided to share with students in 2010 - 

"My grandfather looked at me, and after a bit of silence, he gently and calmly said, ‘Jeff, one day you’ll understand that it’s harder to be kind than clever.'”

As Bezos told students, "Cleverness is a gift, kindness is a choice." You can work to be intelligent, but you can't choose to be intelligent.

You can choose to include rather than exclude. You can choose to build people up rather than tear them down.  You can give before you receive, knowing you may never receive. You can listen more than you talk. 

You can choose to do something nice -- not because you're expected to, but simply because you can.

No matter how smart you are, you can always choose to be kind.

Starting today. Starting now.
||||||| merged common ancestors
=======
# session4-Qualean-
EPAi Session4 Numeric Types II Assignment
>>>>>>> c62b5f48f5f585618a554ad9a1d5c412a67beed5
